Shen Yu
Tomorrow's headline is ready
"Popular TV Host
Fired one day, promoted the next" — how's that?
You bitch,
weren’t you fired too?
Why are you still here?
Who told you
she was fired?
Why is it you?
My mother transferred
all her shares in the network
to me
Now I'm the largest shareholder
of the broadcasting station
Well, well, the largest shareholder
So you abused your power
to reinstate her, didn’t you?
Didn’t you?
Yes
But also no
She wasn’t reinstated
She replaced you
Starting today
Shen Yu will take your place
and co-host with Duan Xiao Jian
on “Jiang City Talk”
What?!
You worked hard for seven years
I mean
You worked hard at this job for seven years
Oh wait, no—
I should say
That position you got by playing tricks behind the scenes
I could take it away with just a flick of my finger
Ye Qi Luo
You think I’m scared of you?
You’re insane
Having everything taken from you—
how does that feel?
Man Man